Platinum sponsor (#1077)
jhipster/jhipster.github.io: pages/sponsors.md

- The ability to create 1 "[bug bounty]({{ site.url }}/bug-bounties/)" every month, non transferable. If that bug bounty is not created by the end of the month, it is lost.

## Benefits of being a gold sponsor

There is a limit to 3 gold sponsors.

Gold sponsors donate $1,000 per month to the project, and get the following benefits:

- Same benefits as silver sponsors (visibility on main pages, and thank you tweet).
- The ability to create 3 "[bug bounties]({{ site.url }}/bug-bounties/)" every month, non transferable. If all bug bounties are not created by the end of the month, the remaining ones are lost.
- Company logos on all [https://www.jhipster.tech](https://www.jhipster.tech) page footers (about 550,000 views/month on January, 2018).

## Benefits of being a platinum sponsor

There is a limit to only 1 platinum sponsor.

The Platinum sponsor donates $2,500 per month to the project, and gets the following benefits:

- Same benefits as gold sponsors (visibility on all pages, thank you tweet, 3 bug bounties).
- Visibility on JHipster Online, with a logo on the welcome page, and on the main page to generate applications.

> - A text to add at the end of each generation. This text will need to be submitted as a PR by the sponsor, and will be on each release published during the sponsorship period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A message to add at the end of each generation. This message will need to be submitted as a PR by the sponsor and will be on each release published during the sponsorship period.
```

> - The possibility to add a custom JHipster logo in the official logo list. This logo will be submitted as a PR by the sponsor, and will be in the JHipster official logo list. It will need to comply to JHipster's code of conduct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The option to add a custom JHipster logo in the official logo list. This logo will be submitted as a PR by the sponsor and will be in the JHipster official logo list. It will need to comply with JHipster's code of conduct.
```
